docs(Fluid inputs): text input and text area (#3158)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/text-input/usage.mdx

visually different. The context of how or where the component is used will
dictate which style to use.

| Style | Purpose                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ----- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Fixed | Fixed is the most commonly used text input style with the label and helper text outside the field. Use when white space is needed between input components or in productive moments where space is at a premium, and smaller components are needed. |
| Fluid | Fluid is an alternate styling for text input used in more expressive moments. Use in fluid forms, contained spaces, or attached to complex components, like a toolbar. Fluid components always sit flush with components around them.               |

### Anatomy

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

> ![Text input anatomy](images/text-input-usage-anatomy.png)

Author: Oops this is from having to re-do the PR, the image names were out of sync.

   entered and the total number of characters allowed.

### Sizing

Text area has a variable height that can be lengthened or shortened by the user
using the resize handle in the bottom right of the field. By default, text area
has a minimum height of 40px/2.5rem but no maximum height.

#### Resize handle

Included by default in both fixed and fluid text area is the resize handle. It
allows a user to manipulate the field height by making it longer or shorter. The
resize handle has no effect on the width of the text area container, it only
effects the height. If the user makes the field size shorter than the content
inside the field then a vertical scroll will become available.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Example showing the resize handle in text area](images/text-area-usage-resize.png)

</Column>
</Row>

## Formatting

### Alignment

Input labels should vertically align to the grid and with other type elements on
the page. The alignment of the input container will differ based on the style of
text input you are using. Default inputs are always flush to the columns and
fluid inputs will hang into the gutters.

<DoDontRow>

>   <DoDont caption="Align fixed input containers to the grid so the input label alignes with other type of the page.">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <DoDont caption="Align fixed input containers to the grid so the input label aligns with other type on the page.">
```

![Do align field containers to the grid.](images/text-input-usage-4-do.png)

  </DoDont>

>   <DoDont caption="Hang fluid input containers into the gutters so the input label alignes with other type of the page.">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <DoDont caption="Hang fluid input containers into the gutters so the input label aligns with other type on the page.">
```

<Row>
<Column colLg={12}>

<Tabs>

<Tab label="Fixed">

> ![Text input states in the fixed style](images/text-input-states.png)

Reviewer: The image rules in the tabs do not bleed off the image. This also happens on the Style tab as well.  I can see your image files are correct, maybe it has something to do with the tab component.
<img width="954" alt="Screen Shot 2022-09-16 at 2 12 01 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43969356/190704879-b8a7554e-e56c-470b-b41a-d70acd152c2f.png">

Author: Unfortunately, this is because of the tab component, it has a built in border. I don't know how to override it.

</Column>
</Row>

### Required versus optional

Text inputs can be labeled as either optional or required depending on the

> depending on the circumstance. For more guidance on requirement labeling, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
circumstance. For more guidance on requirement labeling, see
```

Reviewer: "Depending on the" was present twice in the sentence.

</Column>
</Row>

> ### Character counter

Reviewer: The image for the Character counter has a typo. Charge should be `Charged`

Author: dang, you caught that typo last time too, how did it slip in again 😆

Author: Ok this is corrected in the source image but the preview image isn't updating to show change.
